{{:LICENCE_HEADER_MIT}}


= v4call-app — Host the Client on Alpine Linux (v4call.com) =

From CompleteNoobs

This guide stands up '''v4call-app''' — the v4call client bundle (desktop + mobile layouts, the login/layout picker, and the operator tool pages) — as a plain static site on a fresh Alpine Linux box, served over HTTPS at <code>v4call.com</code> (the bare root domain, '''not''' <code>app.v4call.com</code>).

'''v4call-app has no server process and no money key.''' It's HTML/CSS/JS with zero build step. The only jobs on this box are: serve the files, terminate TLS, and (if you host the client on a different domain than your node, which is the normal case) make sure the node's CORS config allows this origin. That last part is the "CORS testing" this guide exists for — see [[#Step_9:_Point_the_Client_at_a_Node_+_Verify_CORS|Step 9]].

'''Source code''': <code>v4call-app</code> [https://github.com/CompleteNoobs/v4call-app https://github.com/CompleteNoobs/v4call-app]

'''Version''': v4call-app 0.1.0 · pairs with any v4call-node (this doc assumes the default node, <code>node.v4call.com</code>).

'''Source of truth for the split''': <code>handover-decoupling.md</code> in the project root · see also <code>v4call-node/walkthrough.wiki</code> for the server side of this same relationship (its Step 14 "Connect the Client" and Step 7 <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code> notes are the node-side half of this guide).

'''End result''': a patched, firewalled, key-only-SSH Alpine host running Nginx as a plain static file server, serving the whole <code>v4call-app</code> folder over HTTPS at <code>https://v4call.com</code>, with <code>index.html</code> (the landing page, links to every page + the login screen) at the root — and a confirmed round-trip to a v4call-node running on a different origin (CORS working both ways).

== Contents ==

* [[#What_You_Are_Building|1 What You Are Building]]
* [[#What_You_Need|2 What You Need]]
* [[#Step_1:_First_Login_and_Recon|3 Step 1: First Login and Recon]]
* [[#Step_2:_Point_the_Domain_at_the_Server|4 Step 2: Point the Domain at the Server]]
* [[#Step_3:_Patch_the_System_+_Automatic_Updates|5 Step 3: Patch the System + Automatic Updates]]
* [[#Step_4:_Firewall_(SSH_+_HTTP_+_HTTPS_only)|6 Step 4: Firewall (SSH + HTTP + HTTPS only)]]
* [[#Step_5:_Harden_SSH_+_a_Deploy_User|7 Step 5: Harden SSH + a Deploy User]]
* [[#Step_6:_Install_Nginx_+_Certbot|8 Step 6: Install Nginx + Certbot]]
* [[#Step_7:_Get_the_Code|9 Step 7: Get the Code]]
* [[#Step_8:_Nginx_—_HTTP_First,_Then_HTTPS|10 Step 8: Nginx — HTTP First, Then HTTPS]]
* [[#Step_9:_Point_the_Client_at_a_Node_+_Verify_CORS|11 Step 9: Point the Client at a Node + Verify CORS]]
* [[#Step_10:_Test_Everything|12 Step 10: Test Everything]]
* [[#Updating_the_Site|13 Updating the Site]]
* [[#Security_Notes|14 Security Notes]]
* [[#Common_Problems_and_Fixes|15 Common Problems and Fixes]]
* [[#Quick_Reference|16 Quick Reference]]

== What You Are Building ==

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Piece !! Role !! Runs where
|-
| '''v4call-app''' (this host) || The client: <code>index.html</code> landing page, <code>desktop-app.html</code> / <code>mobile-app.html</code>, <code>select.html</code> layout+node picker, and the operator tool pages. Pure static files. || <code>v4call.com</code> (this box)
|-
| '''v4call-node''' (elsewhere) || The actual server — login routing, presence, federation, chat, escrow. This is who the browser talks to over Socket.io + HTTP once you've logged in. || e.g. <code>node.v4call.com</code>, a separate box
|}

Because the client and the node are on '''different domains''' (<code>v4call.com</code> vs. <code>node.v4call.com</code>), every request the browser makes from a page on this box to the node is '''cross-origin''' — that's what CORS governs. This box needs no CORS configuration of its own (it's not answering API calls); the node needs <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code> to include <code>https://v4call.com</code>. Step 9 covers both testing and fixing this.

== What You Need ==

* '''A fresh Alpine Linux 3.23 server''' with a public IP and root SSH access via key (a 1 vCPU / 1 GB instance is plenty — this box serves static files only). A DNS name is <code>v4call.com</code> per this guide, but any domain works the same way.
* '''Your SSH private key''' for the box. All commands below assume you connect as <code>root</code> with that key.
* '''A running v4call-node''' to point the client at (or use the shipped default, <code>node.v4call.com</code> — see <code>v4call-node/walkthrough.wiki</code> to run your own).

'''Convention''': set this once in your local shell so every command is copy-paste:

 export APP=root@v4call.com
 export KEY=~/.ssh/vultr
 alias appssh='ssh -i $KEY $APP'

== Step 1: First Login and Recon ==

 ssh -i ~/.ssh/vultr root@v4call.com

Know what you're starting from — a fresh Alpine cloud image is tiny (busybox userland, OpenRC init, <code>apk</code> package manager, no systemd):

 cat /etc/alpine-release          # 3.23.x
 uname -a                         # kernel + arch
 rc-status                        # running OpenRC services (expect: networking, chronyd, sshd)
 netstat -tlnp                    # listening sockets — should be ONLY :22 (sshd)

'''Note''': a fresh Alpine cloud image has '''no <code>ss</code>''' — <code>iproute2</code> isn't installed, so <code>ss -tlnp</code> returns <code>ss: not found</code>. Use busybox's <code>netstat -tlnp</code> as above, or run <code>apk add iproute2</code> first if you specifically want <code>ss</code>.

== Step 2: Point the Domain at the Server ==

Log into your DNS provider and add an A record (and, if you want <code>www.v4call.com</code> to also work, a second one):

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Field !! Value
|-
| Type || A
|-
| Name || <code>@</code> (root domain — '''not''' <code>app</code>; this is deliberately <code>v4call.com</code>, not <code>app.v4call.com</code>)
|-
| Value || Your VPS IP address
|-
| TTL || 300
|}

Optionally repeat with Name <code>www</code> pointed at the same IP if you want both to resolve. DNS takes a few minutes:

 nslookup v4call.com

Must show your VPS IP before [[#Step_8:_Nginx_—_HTTP_First,_Then_HTTPS|Step 8]] gets to the certificate. Continue with the other steps while you wait.

== Step 3: Patch the System + Automatic Updates ==

 apk update
 apk upgrade

'''⚠ If the kernel was upgraded''' (<code>linux-virt</code> shows in the upgrade list), reboot before continuing — a running kernel whose modules were just replaced on disk can misbehave (this bit the firewall step on other Alpine boxes in this project; better to reboot now than debug it later):

 reboot
 # wait ~40s, then reconnect
 uname -r

'''Automatic updates''' via busybox <code>crond</code> (Alpine has no <code>unattended-upgrades</code>):

<pre>
cat > /etc/periodic/daily/apk-upgrade <<'EOF'
#!/bin/sh
apk update --quiet
apk upgrade --no-interactive 2>&1 | logger -t apk-upgrade
EOF
chmod +x /etc/periodic/daily/apk-upgrade
rc-update add crond default
rc-service crond start
/etc/periodic/daily/apk-upgrade        # dry-run once, should run cleanly
</pre>

== Step 4: Firewall (SSH + HTTP + HTTPS only) ==

Unlike a money box, this host has to accept public web traffic — so the inbound allow-list is SSH + 80 + 443, everything else dropped, all outbound allowed.

 apk add nftables

<pre>
cat > /etc/nftables.nft <<'EOF'
#!/usr/sbin/nft -f
# v4call-app static site firewall. Inbound: SSH + HTTP + HTTPS only.
flush ruleset

table inet filter {
  chain input {
    type filter hook input priority filter; policy drop;
    iif "lo" accept
    ct state established,related accept
    ct state invalid drop
    ip protocol icmp accept                 comment "ping (IPv4)"
    ip6 nexthdr ipv6-icmp accept            comment "ping (IPv6)"
    tcp dport 22 ct state new accept        comment "SSH"
    tcp dport 80 ct state new accept        comment "HTTP (also the ACME challenge)"
    tcp dport 443 ct state new accept       comment "HTTPS"
  }
  chain forward { type filter hook forward priority filter; policy drop; }
  chain output { type filter hook output priority filter; policy accept; }
}
EOF
</pre>

'''Apply it safely''' — arm a 3-minute auto-flush before loading, in case of a typo that locks you out:

 setsid sh -c "sleep 180 && nft flush ruleset" >/dev/null 2>&1 &
 nft -c -f /etc/nftables.nft && echo "syntax OK"
 rc-update add nftables default
 rc-service nftables start
 nft list ruleset

From a '''second terminal''', confirm a fresh SSH connection still works, then cancel the safety net back in the first session:

 ssh -i ~/.ssh/vultr root@v4call.com 'echo through-firewall-ok'
 # back in session 1:
 pkill -f "nft flush ruleset"

== Step 5: Harden SSH + a Deploy User ==

'''Deploy user''' — the site is public web content (no secrets in it), so plain world-readable files are fine; there's no money-box-style lockdown needed here. Still, don't run <code>git</code> as root out of habit:

 adduser -D -h /var/www deploy
 mkdir -p /var/www
 chown deploy:deploy /var/www

'''SSH hardening''' — key-only auth; root may log in only with a key:

<pre>
cat > /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/10-hardening.conf <<'EOF'
PubkeyAuthentication yes
PasswordAuthentication no
KbdInteractiveAuthentication no
PermitRootLogin prohibit-password
EOF
</pre>

 sshd -t && echo "config OK"
 rc-service sshd reload
 sshd -T | grep -iE '^(passwordauthentication|permitrootlogin|kbdinteractiveauthentication) '

Test a fresh connection before trusting it (a second terminal):

 ssh -i ~/.ssh/vultr root@v4call.com 'echo key-auth-ok'

== Step 6: Install Nginx + Certbot ==

 apk add nginx certbot

Confirm and enable at boot (don't start yet — no site config exists):

 nginx -v
 rc-update add nginx default

Alpine's nginx package reads <code>/etc/nginx/nginx.conf</code>, which includes every file under '''<code>/etc/nginx/http.d/*.conf</code>''' — that directory is where the site config goes (there's no Debian-style <code>sites-available</code>/<code>sites-enabled</code> split on Alpine).

== Step 7: Get the Code ==

<code>v4call-app</code> is public — clone it straight in as the <code>deploy</code> user, directly into the web root. A fresh Alpine box has '''no <code>git</code>''' (the clone below fails with <code>git: not found</code> otherwise), so install it first:

 apk add git

 su deploy -s /bin/sh -c 'git clone https://github.com/CompleteNoobs/v4call-app /var/www/v4call.com'
 ls /var/www/v4call.com/index.html /var/www/v4call.com/desktop-app.html /var/www/v4call.com/vendor/socket.io.min.js

'''⚠ The <code>vendor/</code> folder must travel with the HTML.''' <code>desktop-app.html</code> and <code>mobile-app.html</code> load <code>vendor/socket.io.min.js</code> via a relative path and call <code>io(nodeBase())</code> at the top of their script. If <code>vendor/</code> isn't sitting right next to the HTML (e.g. you copied one file instead of cloning the whole repo), <code>io</code> is undefined, the script throws, and login fails with a misleading error. Cloning the full repo (as above) already gets this right — just don't reorganize the folder afterward.

== Step 8: Nginx — HTTP First, Then HTTPS ==

'''Start HTTP-only.''' Putting the HTTPS block in before the certificate exists is the single most common way to break Nginx on a fresh box (crash-restart loop, and Certbot can't get a cert from a server that won't start). Always HTTP first, get the cert, then add HTTPS.

 nano /etc/nginx/http.d/v4call-app.conf

<pre>
server {
    listen 80;
    listen [::]:80;
    server_name v4call.com www.v4call.com;

    root /var/www/v4call.com;
    index index.html;

    # Certbot challenge path — do not remove
    location /.well-known/acme-challenge/ {
        root /var/www/certbot;
    }

    location / {
        try_files $uri $uri/ =404;
    }
}
</pre>

 mkdir -p /var/www/certbot
 rm -f /etc/nginx/http.d/default.conf   # ships with a placeholder server block; remove it
 nginx -t && rc-service nginx start

Test HTTP works end-to-end:

 curl -I http://v4call.com/
 curl -s http://v4call.com/index.html | grep -o '<title>[^<]*</title>'

Should return <code>200</code> and the page title.

'''Get the certificate''' — confirm the ACME challenge path actually serves through Nginx first (this is what Let's Encrypt checks):

 mkdir -p /var/www/certbot/.well-known/acme-challenge
 echo "test" > /var/www/certbot/.well-known/acme-challenge/testfile
 curl http://v4call.com/.well-known/acme-challenge/testfile

Must return <code>test</code>. Then request the certificate via the webroot:

 certbot certonly --webroot -w /var/www/certbot \
   -d v4call.com -d www.v4call.com \
   --email your@email.com --agree-tos --no-eff-email

(Drop <code>-d www.v4call.com</code> if you didn't add the <code>www</code> DNS record in Step 2.) Success looks like:

<pre>
Successfully received certificate.
Certificate is saved at: /etc/letsencrypt/live/v4call.com/fullchain.pem
Key is saved at:         /etc/letsencrypt/live/v4call.com/privkey.pem
</pre>

'''Auto-renewal''' — Alpine has no systemd timer, so add a periodic job (Certbot's own <code>--deploy-hook</code> reloads Nginx only when a renewal actually happens):

<pre>
cat > /etc/periodic/daily/certbot-renew <<'EOF'
#!/bin/sh
certbot renew --quiet --deploy-hook "rc-service nginx reload" 2>&1 | logger -t certbot-renew
EOF
chmod +x /etc/periodic/daily/certbot-renew
</pre>

Verify renewal actually works with a dry-run (no cert is issued):

 certbot renew --dry-run --no-random-sleep-on-renew

Expect <code>Congratulations, all simulated renewals succeeded</code>. The <code>--no-random-sleep-on-renew</code> flag matters when you run this non-interactively (e.g. over <code>ssh host '...'</code> with no TTY): plain <code>certbot renew</code> inserts a random sleep of up to ~12 minutes before it does anything (good for the real daily job — it spreads load on Let's Encrypt — but it makes a manual dry-run look like it's hung). The daily job above keeps the random sleep on purpose.

'''Now switch to HTTPS''' — replace the config:

 nano /etc/nginx/http.d/v4call-app.conf

<pre>
# HTTP — certbot challenge + redirect to HTTPS
server {
    listen 80;
    listen [::]:80;
    server_name v4call.com www.v4call.com;

    location /.well-known/acme-challenge/ {
        root /var/www/certbot;
    }
    location / {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    }
}

# HTTPS — the static v4call-app site
server {
    listen 443 ssl;
    listen [::]:443 ssl;
    server_name v4call.com www.v4call.com;

    ssl_certificate     /etc/letsencrypt/live/v4call.com/fullchain.pem;
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/v4call.com/privkey.pem;
    ssl_protocols TLSv1.2 TLSv1.3;
    ssl_prefer_server_ciphers off;

    add_header X-Content-Type-Options nosniff;

    root /var/www/v4call.com;
    index index.html;

    gzip on;
    # Don't list text/html here — Nginx always gzips it, and naming it again
    # triggers a "duplicate MIME type" warning on every reload/-t.
    gzip_types text/css application/javascript;

    location / {
        try_files $uri $uri/ =404;
    }

    # Long cache for the vendored, versioned JS lib; HTML stays uncached so
    # edits show up on next refresh without a manual cache-bust.
    location /vendor/ {
        expires 30d;
        add_header Cache-Control "public, immutable";
    }
}
</pre>

 nginx -t && rc-service nginx reload
 curl -I https://v4call.com/

== Step 9: Point the Client at a Node + Verify CORS ==

The client already defaults to <code>node.v4call.com</code> (<code>DEFAULT_NODE</code> in <code>desktop-app.html</code> / <code>mobile-app.html</code>) — nothing to configure if that's the node you're using. To point it at a '''different''' node instead, either:

* Open <code>https://v4call.com/select.html</code> and use the "Advanced: connect to a specific node" field, '''or'''
* Open <code>https://v4call.com/desktop-app.html</code> directly and type the node's host into the '''v4call node''' field on the login screen.

Both write the same <code>localStorage['v4call:node']</code> key that <code>nodeBase()</code> reads on every request.

'''This is the CORS relationship, made concrete:''' the browser is on the <code>v4call.com</code> origin; the node answers from <code>node.v4call.com</code> (or wherever you pointed it). That's a cross-origin request, so on the '''node''', <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code> must include this client's exact origin:

 CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS=https://v4call.com

(Add a comma-separated second entry for <code>https://www.v4call.com</code> if you also serve that host — the two are different origins as far as CORS is concerned, even though they're "the same site" to a person.) Restart the node after changing it.

'''Verify CORS from the browser, not just curl''' — <code>curl</code> doesn't enforce CORS (only browsers do), so a passing <code>curl</code> request tells you the node is reachable, not that CORS is configured right. Open <code>https://v4call.com/desktop-app.html</code>, open DevTools → Console, and log in. A misconfigured node shows an explicit CORS error in the console (blocked cross-origin request) rather than a vague connection failure — see [[#Common_Problems_and_Fixes|Common Problems]] below for what that looks like and how to fix it.

'''Sanity-check preflight from the command line''' (this simulates what the browser sends before the real request, and does show you the response headers even though it isn't itself CORS-enforced):

 curl -i -X OPTIONS https://node.v4call.com/admin/balance \
   -H "Origin: https://v4call.com" \
   -H "Access-Control-Request-Method: GET"

Look for <code>Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://v4call.com</code> in the response. If it's missing or says a different origin, fix <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code> on the node and restart it.

== Step 10: Test Everything ==

Run these from your laptop after Steps 8–9:

;Landing page
: <code>curl -I https://v4call.com/</code> → <code>200</code>.
;Every page loads
: <code>for p in desktop-app mobile-app select info admin-peers server-sign server-announce user-announce nostr-gen qr-gen bitcoin-gen; do curl -s -o /dev/null -w "%{http_code} $p\n" https://v4call.com/$p.html; done</code> → all <code>200</code>.
;vendor/ travels with the HTML
: <code>curl -I https://v4call.com/vendor/socket.io.min.js</code> → <code>200</code>.
;Screenshots on the landing page
: <code>curl -I https://v4call.com/v4call-web-pics/main-page-default.png</code> → <code>200</code>.
;Certificate
: <code>curl -vI https://v4call.com/ 2>&1 | grep -i "subject:"</code> → shows <code>v4call.com</code>.
;End-to-end
: Open <code>https://v4call.com/desktop-app.html</code> in a browser, log in with Hive Keychain against your node. Landing in the lobby confirms client → CORS → node → Hive is all working.

== Updating the Site ==

Because this is a static site with no build step, an update is just a fresh checkout — no Nginx reload needed for content changes (Nginx re-reads files from disk on every request):

 su deploy -s /bin/sh -c 'cd /var/www/v4call.com && git pull'

Only reload Nginx if you changed <code>/etc/nginx/http.d/v4call-app.conf</code> itself:

 nginx -t && rc-service nginx reload

== Security Notes ==

* '''There's no secret on this box.''' The client holds no money key and no admin key — it's public web content by design. The security posture here is standard web-server hygiene (patched, firewalled, key-only SSH), not money-box isolation.
* '''Minimal surface''' — three inbound ports (SSH, HTTP, HTTPS), default-deny firewall otherwise, patched daily.
* '''CORS is enforced by the node, not this box.''' This host doesn't need — and doesn't have — any CORS configuration. If you see CORS errors, the fix is always on the node side (<code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code>), never here.

== Common Problems and Fixes ==

=== nftables: "Your kernel lacks nftables support" / "Unable to initialize Netlink socket" ===
You upgraded the kernel (<code>apk upgrade</code> pulled <code>linux-virt</code>) but haven't rebooted. '''Reboot''', then start nftables.

=== Step 7 clone fails with <code>git: not found</code> ===
A fresh Alpine image doesn't ship <code>git</code>. Run <code>apk add git</code> first (now folded into Step 7), then re-run the clone.

=== Nginx <code>[warn] duplicate MIME type "text/html"</code> on reload / <code>nginx -t</code> ===
Harmless, but avoidable: Nginx always gzips <code>text/html</code>, so naming it again in <code>gzip_types</code> warns. Drop <code>text/html</code> from that line (Step 8 already does).

=== <code>fatal: detected dubious ownership</code> when running <code>git</code> in the web root ===
You ran <code>git</code> as <code>root</code> in <code>/var/www/v4call.com</code>, which is owned by <code>deploy</code>. Run git as the owner instead — <code>su deploy -s /bin/sh -c 'cd /var/www/v4call.com && git ...'</code> (this is how the [[#Updating_the_Site|Updating the Site]] step is written) — or, if you must, <code>git config --global --add safe.directory /var/www/v4call.com</code>.

=== Nginx <code>[emerg] cannot load certificate ... No such file</code> ===
You enabled the HTTPS block before the certificate existed. Revert to the HTTP-only config, reload, get the cert, then re-add HTTPS (Step 8).

=== <code>certbot certonly</code> fails with a timeout or connection refused ===
DNS hasn't propagated yet (recheck <code>nslookup v4call.com</code>), or the firewall isn't actually allowing port 80 (recheck <code>nft list ruleset</code>), or the ACME challenge file test in Step 8 didn't actually return <code>test</code> — fix that first before retrying Certbot.

=== Blank page / 404 at <code>https://v4call.com/</code> ===
Check <code>root</code> in the Nginx config points at <code>/var/www/v4call.com</code> (not a subdirectory), that <code>index.html</code> exists there, and that <code>index index.html;</code> is present. <code>nginx -T | grep -A3 'server_name v4call.com'</code> dumps the effective config.

=== Client console: <code>io is not defined</code> or <code>Cannot access 'HIVE_API' before initialization</code> ===
The <code>vendor/</code> folder didn't come along with the HTML (see the warning in Step 7). Confirm <code>curl -I https://v4call.com/vendor/socket.io.min.js</code> returns <code>200</code>; if not, re-clone the whole repo rather than copying individual files.

=== Browser console shows a CORS error (e.g. "No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header") ===
This client's origin (<code>https://v4call.com</code>, or <code>https://www.v4call.com</code> if that's what you're on) isn't in the node's <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code>. Fix it on the '''node''' (not here — this box has nothing to configure), matching the exact scheme+host, then restart the node. Re-run the preflight check from Step 9 to confirm before retesting in the browser. A blank <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code> on the node reflects any origin — fine for a quick test, not for production.

=== admin-peers.html gets a CORS or 403 error ===
Same root cause as above (origin not allowed) or a wrong admin key — the node already allows the <code>Authorization</code> header and answers the <code>OPTIONS</code> preflight once the origin is correct. Test the endpoint directly with <code>curl -H "Authorization: Bearer KEY" https://node.example.com/debug-state</code> to isolate "wrong key" from "CORS not configured."

=== Screenshots on the landing page are broken (404) ===
<code>v4call-web-pics/</code> didn't come along with the clone, or was deleted. It should sit next to <code>index.html</code> — <code>ls /var/www/v4call.com/v4call-web-pics/</code> should list ~26 PNGs; re-clone if it's missing.

=== Site doesn't reflect a recent <code>git pull</code> ===
Nothing to restart for a static site, but the '''browser''' may be caching aggressively (especially <code>vendor/</code>, which has a 30-day cache header). Hard-refresh, or bump the cache with a query string if you change vendored files often.

== Quick Reference ==

;Versions (Alpine 3.23)
: Nginx (apk) · Certbot (apk) · Git (apk — for the Step 7 clone) · no Node.js needed on this box at all — v4call-app has zero build step.
;Service control
: <code>rc-service nginx {start|stop|restart|reload|status}</code> · config: <code>/etc/nginx/http.d/v4call-app.conf</code> · enable at boot: <code>rc-update add nginx default</code>.
;Firewall
: <code>nft list ruleset</code> (audit) · SSH + 80 + 443 inbound only · config <code>/etc/nftables.nft</code>.
;The site
: <code>/var/www/v4call.com</code> (git clone of v4call-app) · update with <code>git pull</code>, no reload needed for content.
;Certificates
: <code>/etc/letsencrypt/live/v4call.com/</code> · renewal: <code>/etc/periodic/daily/certbot-renew</code>.
;CORS (configured on the NODE, not here)
: node's <code>.env</code> → <code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS=https://v4call.com</code> (add <code>https://www.v4call.com</code> too if serving both) → restart the node.
;Source of truth
: <code>v4call-node/walkthrough.wiki</code> Step 14 ("Connect the Client") + Step 7 (<code>CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS</code>) for the node-side half of this relationship · <code>handover-decoupling.md</code>.
